1. when should a forklift be checked for damage?
	. pre-operational
	. operation
	. after using a forklift
2. list 6 items that you should check when undertaking a pre operational check of the forklift
	. light
	. mirrors
	. data plate
	■wheels & tyres
	■ mast
	■ chain & pulleys
3. list 6 start-up checks that should be made before operating the forklift
	■ light
	■ guages
	■ steering
	■ horn
	■ hand brake
	■ gears
	■ hydrauric levers
	■ reverse beeper
4. why is it importatnt to communicate with workplace personnel before commencing work on site
	. save us from any potential risk
5. list 6 methods of communication can be used in the workplace
	. warning sign
	. verbally
	. hand signal
	. horn
	. flashing lights
	. radio
6. if you are given unclear information about your work, what should you do
	. stop steering a forklift and ask the coworker to repeat it until you understand
7. before commencing work who should you cnsult with
	. a first aid officer
	. a manager
	. coworkers
8. are you allowed to use a forklift that has a missing data plate?
	. no
9. what action shoul you take if you find that data plate is missing from forklift
	. remove the key
	. tag 'out of service'
	. report it to your manager
10. what does hazard mean
	. something may cause harm or injury
11. list 6 site hazard and 6 non site hazards in the following table
	6 site hazards
		. wet ground
		. uneven surface
		. doorway
		. debris on the ground
		. ramp
		. electoric area
	6 non site hazards
		. type of the load
		. route to the load
		. weight of the load
		. capacity of the forklift
		. sutable attatchment
		. communication methods
12. what does risk mean?
	what happend to you when exposed to a hazard
13. what is the risk of refueling while the engine is running
	an explosion
14. describe which way a loaded forklift should travel up a ramp and where your load should be facing
	faced up a ramp
15. what might occur if you attempt to turn a forklift while on a ramp or sloping surface
	the forklift tips over
	lose the load
16. how high should your load be raised when travelling
	at axle height or as low as possible
17. when should hazard controls be applied
	pre operation
18. why is it unsafe to operate a forklift with the load raised
	falling load kills people or damges warehouse structures
19. what should be provided for the gap beween a truck and the loading dock before shifting the load
	. bridge plate
	. dock plate
20. a pallet contains an unbalanced load with one end heavier than the other, whiich end should be against the heel of the fork arms
	the heavier one
21. if a pallet appears to be unsafely stacked, what wuold you do before lifting it
	unshift the load and make the stacks stable
22. what should you do if you have to work closer than the minimum distansces required when working near power lines
	keep the minimum distances availale
	report it to your manager
23. list 2 things used to make power lines mover visible
	. tiger tails
	. powerline marker balls
24. how can you find out what voltages the overhead power lines are
	call the local power company
25. what should you do if you drive into and make contact with power line
	. warn people to stay away
	. try to break away from the powerlines
	. find the most safe place and stay there
	. do not touch any metals
	. report to a supervisor
	. check forklift before reuse
26. why is it dangerous to operate internal combustion engines in restricted/confined spaces
	. fume may kill you
27. why must batteries be charged in well ventilated area
	to get rid of gas/fumes
28. what would be the best forflift to use in confined space
	an electronic forklift
29. why should you constantly monitor the load movement when operating the forklift
	to prevent tipping over the forklift by any accidents
30. list 3 control measures that you can apply for pedestrains, site peronnel and vehicles or mobile equipments
	■ overhead walkway and vehicle routes
	■ designated walkway and parking areas
	■ pedistrrian crossing
	■ high impact barriers
	■ gete and bollards
31. what must you have when working at night or in dark areas
	an adequate lights
32. what precautions can you take when operating on wet and slippery surfaces
	drive slowly
	turn slowly
33. why should you not raise or lower a load near or over people
	it might hit people while operating
34 is it permissible to carry a load with one fork arm
	no, because it is so dangerous that an accident may occur
35. is it permissible to carry passengers on a forklift
	yes, because it is designed to carry
36. how does attachment affect the capacity of the forklift
	lower capacity
37. what can happen if the load is not hard up against the heel of the fork arm
	a lower capacity
	the forklift tips over
38. howw could you determine the weight of a load
	checking weighbridge document
	weighing a load
	checking inventory system

39. what should you do if a forklift is tipping over and you are inside the forklift
	. brace myselff
	. lean away from tipping side
40. where is the fulcurm on the forklift? indicate on this digram
	front wheels
41. look at the following, which load is within the capacity of the forklift rated at 4200kg at 600mm
	b
42. where is the load centre distance? indicate in the digram below
	heel to center of the load
43. list 5 reasons a forklift may trip forward
	. driving too fast
	■ driving with load facing forward down slope
	■ driving overloaded
	■ driving off a landing dock
	■ braking severly
44. list 5 reasons a forklift may tip sideways
	. turning fast
	. turning with load too high
	■ turning on ramps
	■ turning on uneven ground
	■ turning off loading dock
	■ side shift not in centre
45. why should a side shift attachment be centralised beffore travelling with a load
	it can keep the forklift stable
46. when using a different attachment, how will it affect the forklift
	lower a capacity
47. list 3 locations wher you must not park a forklift
	. near first aid center
	. near emergency exit
	. near fire extinguishers
	. on walkway
	. on ramp
48. why should you remove the keys from a forklift after use
	to prevent unauthorized use
49. what should you do if you notice a defect and or damage to the forklift
	remove the key
	tag 'out of service'
	report it to your manager
50. list 3 things you should consider when parking the forklift
	■ tilt mast forward down to the ground
	■ neutral gear
	■ hand brake on
	■ remove the key
	■ place battery on charge
51. what is your duty of care as hrw operator
	. take care of my own safety
	. take care of others safety
52. list 3 things an employer can do to ensure the health and safety of workers
	providing safe workplace
	providing safe working systems
	providing safe facilities
	providing safe equipment 
53. list 3 sources where you can find information about health and safety
	operator's manuals
	safety policies
	australian standards
	safety data sheets
	job safety analysis
54. how can hrw operator be penalized if they fail to operate the forklift safety
	suspend a license
	cancel a license
	refuse to renew a license
55. what should you check on wheels and tyres
	■ pressure of air in tyres
	■ wear and tear
56. if you are driving with a large load and your view is obstructed, what should you do
	use a spotter
	move in reverse
57. name the following attachments using the table below
	■ rotators
	■ drum carrier
	■ carpet spike
	■ jib
	■ paper roll clamps
	■ work platform
	■ slippers
	■ bale clamp

58. khow can a weather report help you at work
	■ help schedule the work tasks
	■ help plan for risk controls

2053	14.03gb

10.04	Pokemon Bread / 포켓몬 빵
	textbook
		i'm a ordinary mom with a son in forth grade
		about 2 months ago i happend to buy 2 pokemon pastry 
		while i was shopping for groceries
		i gave them to my son and he was over the moon, seeing how happy it made him
		i started to hunt around for the breads
		at first, i stood in  line at the super market before they open to buy the pastry
		but explosive popularity of pokemon bread meant that a line grew longer and longer
		now i have to leave the house 
		even before my son goes to school to get my hands on the bread	 
		sometimes weekend morning, the whole family lined up to buy the breads
		it started out as a bit of fun 
		but now i worried of it that has become an obsession
		my husband is strongly against it, seeing how it has taken up my weekend
		so we decided that this week would be the last
		but i wonder why i still want to sneak out!
	pattern practice
		*explosive popularity
			pokemon bread enjoyed explosive popularity
			nobody expected the explosive popularity of korean music
		*get my hands on sth
			i have to leave the house earily to get my hands on the breads
			i wan't able to get my hands on tickets 
		*as a bit of fun
			buying the bread started out as a bit of fun
			the projects originaly started out as a bit of fun
		*happened to V
			i happened to buy 2 pockemon pastry while i was shopping for groceries
		*be over the moon
			i gave them to my son and he was over the moon
		*hunt around for sth
			seeing how happy it made him, i start to hunt around for the bread
	dialog practice
		do your kids like pokemon bread?
		don't *get me start it. they are crazy about it
		one time i visit at 10 different convenient stores trying to get my hands on the pastries
		same here
		it was major hassle. but i still do it because son loves so much
		you re right but sometimes i start to question what the *hack i am doing

■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■

10.03	Donating Blood / 헌혈
	textbook
		*on a continuous basis
		anyone *between the ages of 16 and 64 can donate their blood
		of course, not everyone *is phisically fit to donate bloods
		there is a little *prick when the needle is inserted
		i hope that you will join me and *exprience it for yourself
	pattern practice
		*have harmful effects on the body
			using plastic products might be harmful effects on the body
		*have id on you
			you have to have id on you when you donate your blood
			if you want to get in, you have to have id on you
			you need to have id on you, to buy that
		*experience for yourself
			i hope that you will join me and experience it for yourself
			i can't explain it you have to experience it for yourself
	dialog practice
		have you ever donated your blood?
		sure. i've donated bloods on a regular basis
		oh, really?
		haven't you tried it yet? you should definately give it a try
		yes, i've been *giving it some thoughts
		it's *as easy as visiting a blood donor center in your neightborhood

